guide.md, before:

# Diddi and the Bugs -- The definitive guide

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/147975798-9f8df786-a081-4073-89d9-26da7abbf323.png)

Every game, book and story has a universe... and this game
has a universe too! This guide explains how to get the greatest
scores, and enjoy the game as best as you can.

## Keys

If you press some keys, some actions may happen.

### General events keys

- **P**: Pause the game, saving scores and coordinates. If the game is paused,
  press **P** again to keep playing.
- **Q**: Quit the game, and close the window.
- **R**: Restart the game, and reset all the values (score, enemies).

### Spacecraft (Willpower) keys

- **Up / down keys**: Use them to move the Willpower, and avoid enemies. You can also use WASD (**W and S,** respectively)
- **Space**: Send a bullet of _L1-F3_ energized serum, that can destroy both bugs
  and trash!

## Element guide

A quick guide to all the elements on the game.

### The Willpower

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/143620203-93ef837b-2c87-4537-a500-528ca3c4d107.png)

The Willpower is a modified spacecraft modified by Diddi, to shoot the serum. You
will have to pilot the spacecraft to fight the bugs!

### _L1-F3_ energized serum bullet

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/143620255-dc40fa2b-4793-4890-871e-d5e92f5e6063.png)

The Willpower can shoot these fast bullets, to destroy something! Once it touches a bug/trash,
it disappears and cannot damage other enemies. You can shoot an unlimited number of bullets.

### Enemies

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/143620313-1ac0a5b4-9f37-4b0e-9963-e74c8600a349.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/143620333-6c0b6c6f-12e9-463e-8d4f-3fcc28f2ecd4.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/143620348-02dfdd68-2a72-4b83-b89e-1b867ded660f.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/143620398-b7d0a13d-de44-4bf9-878c-2fcdfdafc89b.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/143620421-4fe12681-5ba5-4678-9530-df2348dc0ed5.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/143620453-7ebbf68f-fcf3-4ce9-b356-e5977d29b3eb.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/143620487-095bbca8-0036-4d91-a973-cc7fd7cacfbe.png)

These bugs, viruses, bacteria and fungi are the most common element in this game.
They go directly to you, and can have multiple aspects. If they touch your spacecraft,
you will loose the game. They can be destroyed with a bullet, and you can earn **10 points**.
The idea is to **destroy 200 bugs**.

### Space trash

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/143620527-31f0797f-c219-4426-8a75-fef7bc30bbb8.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/143620539-57b2df7a-5d4e-494e-9082-4e6a45be868f.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/143620562-d544305d-d94e-4539-8ba1-70552b88e864.png)

Unfortunately, our loveful Earth's atmosphere is filled up with trash. But you
can help to destroy them using bullets. If you destroy one, you can earn
**50,100 or even 200 extra points**! However, if they touch you, you will loose the game.

Commit message:

Add messages (#37)
* Use a bigger scale

That way, we can have enough space for messages.

* Generate the bar, no messages yet

* Add the messages

* Move the colors

* Add and improve messages

* Update the guide

Add the new stuff.

guide.md, after:

# Diddi and the Bugs -- The definitive guide

<img width=800 src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/152022041-9ca787f0-5334-4f22-becd-e270f3067a95.png">


Every game, book and story has a universe... and this game
has a universe too! This guide explains how to get the greatest
scores, and enjoy the game as best as you can.

## Keys

If you press some keys, some actions may happen.

### General events keys

- **P**: Pause the game, saving scores and coordinates. If the game is paused,
  press **P** again to keep playing.
- **Q**: Quit the game, and close the window.
- **R**: Restart the game, and reset all the values (score, enemies).

### Spacecraft (Willpower) keys

- **Up / down keys**: Use them to move the Willpower, and avoid enemies. You can also use WASD (**W and S,** respectively)
- **Space**: Send a bullet of _L1-F3_ energized serum, that can destroy both bugs
  and trash!

## Elements guide

A quick guide to all the elements on the game.

### The Willpower

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/143620203-93ef837b-2c87-4537-a500-528ca3c4d107.png)

The Willpower is a modified spacecraft modified by Diddi, to shoot the serum. You
will have to pilot the spacecraft to fight the bugs!

### _L1-F3_ energized serum bullet

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/143620255-dc40fa2b-4793-4890-871e-d5e92f5e6063.png)

The Willpower can shoot these fast bullets, to destroy something! Once it touches a bug/trash,
it disappears and cannot damage other enemies. You can shoot an unlimited number of bullets.

### Enemies

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/143620313-1ac0a5b4-9f37-4b0e-9963-e74c8600a349.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/143620333-6c0b6c6f-12e9-463e-8d4f-3fcc28f2ecd4.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/143620348-02dfdd68-2a72-4b83-b89e-1b867ded660f.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/143620398-b7d0a13d-de44-4bf9-878c-2fcdfdafc89b.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/143620421-4fe12681-5ba5-4678-9530-df2348dc0ed5.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/143620453-7ebbf68f-fcf3-4ce9-b356-e5977d29b3eb.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/143620487-095bbca8-0036-4d91-a973-cc7fd7cacfbe.png)

These bugs, viruses, bacteria and fungi are the most common element in this game.
They go directly to you, and can have multiple aspects. If they touch your spacecraft,
you will loose the game. They can be destroyed with a bullet, and you can earn **10 points**.
The idea is to **destroy 200 bugs**.

### Space trash

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/143620527-31f0797f-c219-4426-8a75-fef7bc30bbb8.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/143620539-57b2df7a-5d4e-494e-9082-4e6a45be868f.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/143620562-d544305d-d94e-4539-8ba1-70552b88e864.png)

Unfortunately, our loveful Earth's atmosphere is filled up with trash. But you
can help to destroy them using bullets. If you destroy one, you can earn
**50, 100 or even 200 extra points**! However, if they touch you, you will loose the game.

### Messages bar

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83621221/152022721-4965b55e-79d8-4b77-8b08-ce0a43f4ede9.png)

_New in version 2.0.0._

This is the "event log". Here, you can notified by both Diddi or the "System" when something happens. For example, when you pause or
restart the game. Also, if you find one of our "easter eggs", you'll get notified too!
